Finalised Datastore documentation (#20138)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/operators/cloud/datastore.rst

    :start-after: [START how_to_rollback_transaction]
    :end-before: [END how_to_rollback_transaction]

.. _howto/operator:CloudDatastoreGetOperationOperator:

Get operation state
-------------------

> To latest state of a long-running operation use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the current state of a long-running operation use
```

:class:`~airflow.providers.google.cloud.operators.datastore.CloudDatastoreGetOperationOperator`

.. exampleinclude:: /../../airflow/providers/google/cloud/example_dags/example_datastore.py
    :language: python
    :dedent: 4
    :start-after: [START get_operation_state]
    :end-before: [END get_operation_state]

.. _howto/operator:CloudDatastoreDeleteOperationOperator:

Delete operation
----------------

> To delete the long-running operation use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete an operation use
```
does  it have to be "long-running"?
